well for my last video when the drinking
of course real guitar I brought all the
comments that people say in like Justin
you know I heard that I heard the music
in the background and like you could
have been playing with acoustic guitar
Ian how'd you make that uh the guitar
hero controllers match the sound that
you're playing
I'm like well guess what I'm a guitar
hero I'm good I can do the guitar and
the real guitar and guitar hero guess
why that's what a guitar hero life is
all about but guess what I got really
pissed off for eating all that stuff
calling me a fake again I'm like what do
I gotta do to prove to these people that
guess what you know this is for real
I don't joke around you know so I just
had to do was like I what really made me
mad was that people saying you're
playing with the sound someone you know
what
I'm gonna have to delete the sound I'll
play no dragonforce in the background
I'll play no dragonforce there'll be no
music at all so just be me my guitar
unplugged so guess what I'm not gonna be
no video editing this time there's just
me me and the guitar and real stuff show
you guys and guess what I can sing I can
sing dragonforce I can't play guitar
dragonforce I can do it all I can sing
don't tell me I can't sync and I can
play guitar watch I'm plugged there's
this no video editing this is me you
guys want to see dragonforce unplugged
this is for all the haters I'll appeal
that thing I'm fake this how many times
I gotta prove to you guys that this is
for real
come on this is frill I take this
personally so don't mess with this
this is unplugged you don't believe me
listen listen this is unplugged this is
for real did you hear the amp plug in ha
do you hear it let's do it
Dragonforce real my voice the entire
song I know the lyrics I memorized them
we meet our let's do it
not a dark winter morning there was no
light the sky end up by the
and I was there
I found our planes
burning in my eyes and our fire and ugly
the Portuguese not fast and
so far away
the sky
I won't do
I don't know what don't work but I will
sing as I don't
you go take it Dragonforce dude of my
by year we will go ends up like a
strikes the sky
hard marital Dragonforce run through the
fire and flames thing is my favorite
metal fan dudes out my hand
you got my dirt
so yeah
robot that night through the fire and
play we will go one night
so let's go
so loud
take it forward to stuff are your hands
off me
build a fire in the flames people can't
think I can't seem go go burning up
flame cuz this is Dragon Force and I
know how to rock your bones cuz we gotta
hear about three and I'll show you how
it's done
Dragonforce tyrio three real that's
how you do it
Iraq